This sermon is brought to you by Beaufort Road Baptist Church.
The speaker today is Pastor Tony Kahoot.
All right, so we want to pick up tonight with Revelation 10 and we left off with an unusual happening here with John and he was given some very unusual instructions and I want to try to talk a little bit about that tonight as we move on down to
chapter 11, but I want to pick up with verse number 8, Revelation chapter 10 and verse number 8.
And the voice which I heard from heaven, spoke unto me again and said, go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel, which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth.
Now, I want to stop here and say that we spend a lot of time identifying who this angel was.
I don't have time tonight to go back and re-teach that previous lesson, but none other than the Lord Jesus.
Okay, so he's given some very important instructions here about a book, a little book.
And in verse 9, the Bible says, and I went into the angel and said, give me a little book.
And he said unto me, take it and eat it up.
Look at that carefully.
And it shall make thy belly bitter.
But it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey.
Now understand these are complicated verses.
In fact, Revelation is a complicated book.
We'll try to give you a little light on that in just a moment.
So John is being instructed to take the book out of the hand of the mighty angel.
And he does that.
And then in verse number nine, he has commanded, it's an unusual command.
I mean, it's really, it just doesn't even seem to make any sense.
But let me remind you of something.
Whenever you come across a passage of scripture like that,
And you say, because of human logic, this doesn't make any sense.
You have to remember what the prophet Isaiah said.
His ways are not our ways and his thoughts are not our thoughts.
God never does anything without purpose and rhyme and reason.
So everything that doesn't make sense to us is irrelevant.
It's making sense to God.
So remember, he's got it all worked out.
He's in control.
Now, in verse number 10, the Bible says, John,
He said, and I took the little book out of the angel's hand and ate it.
I ate it up and it was in my mouth, sweet as honey.
And as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter.
Now, he does exactly what he's instructed to do.
It becomes sweet in his mouth, bitter in his belly.
And so let me tell you this.
Let me try to illustrate this for you tonight because the message
And Brother Curtin, Sister Susan, just sang the gospel.
I mean, they sang the message and so on.
And let me say this about the message.
The message of grace and redemption and peace that's sweet to our hearts.
It's sweet to our ears, and I can talk about the long suffering and the patience, the all-knowing, the omnipotence,
all forgiving, all caring.
We could talk about all of these wonderful attribution aspects of God, and they are beautifully sweet to all of us.
But I will tell you this, when it comes to His judgment, His judgment is received in better ways because His fury and wrath is extended in better ways.
However,
John was not only given the assignment of grace and redemption and peace, but he was also given the instruction to declare the judgment of God.
And God's judgment was better.
It was devastating.
We've read all of these verses and these chapters and we see what this tribulation is working out.
In fact, in Ezekiel chapter three,
Then ask him to get the scriptural and screen for you versus one and three.
It says, Moreover, he said unto me, Son of Man, eat that thou findest, eat this role and go speak unto the house of Israel.
And verse three, he said unto me, Son of Man, cause thy belly to eat and fill thy bowels with this role that I give thee.
And I did eat it.
And it was in my mouth, his honey for sweetness.
Now, if you can, go to verse number 14 there, fellas in the back there.
So the Spirit lifted me up and took me away, and I went in bitterness and the heat of my spirit, but the hand of the Lord was strong upon me.
So a lesson here is this, that as we get the message of God's grace, his peace, his redemption, his long suffering,
And those things are sweet to us and as believers, we receive them, we appreciate them, we mature, we grow in grace.
But let me say this, living a fully consecrated life is not always pleasant.
Let me say that again, living a full or fully consecrated life is not always pleasant.
I could give you many illustrations about this.
at this particular verse.
But I refer to this often in my Sunday sermons, and that is that the life of a believer is across life.
Sometimes it may seem that we have more mountains to climb and more valleys to cross than those green pastures of Psalms 23.
There are a lot of tears.
There's a lot of sorrows.
There's a lot of hardships.
If we're going to live a fully consecrated life.
So let me ask you this question.
What does the spirit mean here?
When he tells John, I want you to take this book, this little book, and I want you to eat it.
Well, there are two passages of scripture in John chapter 6, verse 53.
Then Jesus said unto them, verily, verily, I say unto you, accept to eat this flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood.
You have no life in you.
And then in verse 63, it is the spirit that quickens it.
The flesh prophet is nothing.
The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life.
So when we take the word of God into our hearts, into our minds, into our daily living,
We are consuming the very words of Jesus.
That's what we're doing.
We're consuming them.
And so John ate the message of the book.
Let me say it again, John ate the message of the book.
The message of the book was talking about peace, redemption, long suffering, but it was also talking about judgment, God's judgment.
It was sweet in his mouth.
but it was bitter in his belly.
And let me give you a couple of more scriptures here in Jeremiah chapter 15 and verse number 16, the words were found and I did eat them.
And thy word was unto me the joy and rejoicing with my heart, for I am called by thy name, O Lord God of hosts.
In Ezekiel chapter two and verse number eight, a thousand of men hear what I say and they be not thy rebellious like that rebellious house, open thy mouth.
and eat that I give thee.
And in chapter three, we've already read verses one through three.
Make a footnote of that.
Now, let me say this, prophecy, as we are studying in Revelation, and this is a book of prophecy.
Prophecy, when you study it correctly, and let me say that there are hundreds of theologians and scholars
out here today that is teaching prophecy.
Not everyone agrees on everything all of the time.
So what you're getting in this Wednesday Night Bible study is the result of my personal study.
And I have looked at other people's common terries, and I have looked at ways that people approach things.
Some are in agreement with me, some are not, and some I couldn't endorse or condone.
It's just the way that it is.
But this is what I understand about prophecy, and that is prophecy is about future, future events.
And I can be wrong on prophecy.
Another pastor could be wrong on prophecy.
This won't be wrong on prophecy, but I tell you what, one thing that we cannot be wrong on,
And that is that Jesus Christ is the only way to heaven.
We cannot be wrong there.
He is the only way.
And so prophecy, it brings gladness.
It brings sadness.
It announces joy.
It gives and produces grief when we study horrific verses and chapters like we're in now.
It's wonderful and it's horrible.
It's refreshing and it's bitter.
And so that's that's the intent of the message.
All right, now let's look at verse 11.
We'll close out chapter 10.
And he sent him to me, thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings.
Now this verse leads us immediately into new phases of God's fury and his judgment.
And again, prophecy is designated.
It's designed to tell us to
expound us on future upcoming events.
Chapter 11, listen carefully, is probably if I had to pick a chapter in Revelation that I feel well rehearsed in.
It's probably chapter 11.
I'm not to say it's the only chapter, but chapter 11 is a chapter that I have.
I have spent a great deal of time and study in more so than
like chapter 17 or 18.
Chapter 11 is comfortable for me.
In this chapter, it's about God taking possession of what already belongs to him.
Let me say that again.
Chapter 11 is about God taking possession
of what already belongs to him.
Because here's the thing, the Scripture teaches us that the earth is the Lord's.
It was created by him and for him.
We're taught in the Word, but listen carefully, even though that the earth is the Lord's and it was created for him and by him, it has been under satanic control for over
6,000 years.
Now, we have to wrap our hearts and our minds around that, but that is the unadulterated truth.
In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth.
The earth was created for him and by him.
But since the fall of man going all the way back into Genesis, it has been under satanic control for a little over 6,000 years.
Here's the deal.
God gave Adam
a very specific command which Adam deliberately disobeyed.
He gave the same command to Eve.
I think we get this.
Now, when God gave Adam a very specific command and he willfully, willfully chose to disobey God, and I emphasized this,
He man has a free will.
He has always had a free will.
He has a free will going all the way back to Genesis.
And this is one of the things I love about the grace and the mercy of God, because the Bible says this, it's not the will of the Father that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.
And it says, for whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
I've asked Brother David to teach.
I'm going to be going on vacation the first week of June.
He's going to stop asking him to teach.
a six week, seven week, whatever you can get out of it, series on why I disagree with all five points of Calvinism.
Calvinism teaches that man does not have a free view and that he cannot come to God on his own beckoning.
And let me tell you this, man has a free will.
And what I'm telling you tonight is this.
God gave Adam an eve of free will in the Garden of Eden.
And he said this, the day that thou he is thereof thou shall surely die.
Don't do this.
Don't eat of this tree.
This forbidden for don't do it.
You go into that.
Now, that doesn't mean that they died instantly, physically when they disobeyed God, but they would eventually, but they instantly died spiritually, but they had a free will.
And so Satan
tempted them, they exercised their will.
And because of that, it caused Adam and Eve now, listen carefully, and really, their sin plunged the entire human race into sin.
But when Adam was given the command by God,
and he deliberately chose to disobey God, it caused him to lose everything that God had entrusted him with.
And so listen carefully, as I just said that the earth in the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth, the earth was made by him and for him.
But since the fall in the Garden of Eden, this earth has been under satanic control.
for a little over 6,000 years.
However, one day Jesus, who is the second Adam, he is going to redeem what the first Adam lost.
That's powerful.
The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof.
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth that was made by him and for him.
When Adam and Eve chose to sin against God, it plunged him, Eve, and the entire human race into the mire of sin.
And so again, let me say this, one day Jesus, who was the second Adam, he will return and he will redeem all that Adam lost, the first Adam lost.
And that's why the Scripture says, and John writes it a little later on.
He says, in chapter 21, I saw a new heaven and a new earth, and the first heaven and the first earth were cast away.
There was no mercy.
So here's the thing.
God does have a brand new plan for this earth.
And I'm telling you right now, aren't you glad for that?
This earth is not only decayed by time, but
and man-made things that has brought its destruction on.
But let me tell you this, we are living.
This earth is, we're in a place right now in time, and I believe in in prophecy, where this world has gone insane.
And there is no more rhyme or reason to it.
I mean, look, I don't want to get on this.
If I do, I'll never get off of it.
I'll never get out of the introduction chapter.
I do want to say this.
It's a crying shame.
When these people stand out in the street and wave these Palestinian flags, especially in our houses of government, let me say this.
The Bible teaches us that
The Jewish people are God's chosen people.
Now, do I pray for these Palestinians?
Do I pray for these Muslims?
Do I pray for these Arabs and all of these people?
Do I?
Yes.
Why?
Because it's not the will of the Father that any payers.
Jesus died for them like He did me and you.
His grace is free for all.
But when you see what's happening in this country, this world has gone nuts.
And so let me tell you, there is no turning back now for man to come to his senses.
I knew I shouldn't have said this because I knew I was not going to get off of it.
I heard a lady in the house of representatives say this, this week, that she believes that there are three sexes.
may have female and intersex.
When I heard that, I wanted to run for Congress.
Yeah, I wanted 15 minutes on that floor.
But the thing is this, that there's no turning back now.
There is absolutely no turning back.
I heard, I heard,
One man say, because all of this stuff, he said, OK.
This was a white congressman.
He said, that's OK.
If this is what everybody can believe, then I'm going to believe that I am a black lesbian.
I heard one person say, I believe now that my pronoun, I identify with my cat.
My gender is a cat.
And this was not a joke.
This was dead, serious stuff.
And I'm thinking, how in the world could intelligent human beings sit there and listen to this stuff?
And it's being forced on us, these flags, being waved at us.
Folks, listen, this world has gone insane.
And so my point is, it's never, never going to be
revolving back to sanity.
The only hope for this planet is Jesus.
It's the only hope.
And here is the thing.
He will.
He is going to come and he's going to redeem it.
He's going to take it back under his possession.
And so that's in the prophecy.
Now, let me tell you this.
I have just a little bit of time left tonight, Revelation 11.
It describes the beginning.
Revelation chapter 11 describes the beginning of the last three and a half years of the great tribulation.
And by the way, that period of time is known, the time of the Gentiles is known as the time of the Gentiles.
By the way, let me say this, that the times of the Gentiles actually really began
when Judah became under captivity under the leadership of King Nebuchadnezzar.
In fact, let's get this scripture up there.
2nd Chronicles, chapter 36.
I want us to look at verses one through seven.
Then the people of the land took Jeho's son of Josiah and made him king and his father's dead in Jerusalem.
Jehaz went 20 and three years
I was twenty and three years old when he began to reign and he reigned three months in Jerusalem.
The King of Egypt put him down at Jerusalem and condemned the land in a hundred talents of silver and a talent of gold.
And the King of Egypt made Alchem, his brother, King over Judah, and Jerusalem and turned his name to Jehokum.
And Neko took Jehos, his brother, and carried, look at this, carried him to Egypt.
Joachim was 20 and 5 years old when he began to reign and he reigned 11 years in Jerusalem And he did that which was evil in the sight of the Lord his God Against him came up and Nebuchadnezzar look at this King of Babylon and bound him in fetters to carry him to Babylon Nebuchadnezzar Also carried of the vessels of the house of the Lord to Babylon and put them in his temple at Babylon so
From that particular time in biblical history, really, this began the captivity of Judah under King Nebuchadnezzar.
It was the beginning of the time of the Gentiles.
Now, from that day until May 1948, Jerusalem has been under Gentile rule.
And really today,
It's still remotely, remotely, and I use that word very, very reverently and remotely protected by Gentile powers.
Now, it's not under Gentile rule, but it is protected by England, America, so to speak, and other free nations that will give a little aid.
If it was not for,
I believe this will all my heart if it was not for the few drops of courage that we still have for Israel Israel would be toast and listen to this the times of the Gentiles you see here when this began is going to come to an everlasting end when
Jesus, he returns with his great power and he takes back, which is his creation, what has been created for him.
Chapter 11 takes this whole thing into another dimension because here in this chapter,
is where God sends His two witnesses.
And this friend is speculative by some people.
To me, I think I have this chapter put her well nailed down.
But these two witnesses, they come in on the scene and they are armed with, listen carefully, they're armed with supernatural credentials.
They have the ability, the God-given ability to defy
all power and all authority on the earth, including the Antichrist himself.
When these two witnesses come on the scene, they are endowed with supernatural abilities and powers for a season.
Now, these two witnesses, they're going to become household names.
Global names people will know them all over the world So having said that for just a little introduction This is what verse one says There was given me a read look at this Like unto a rod and the angel stood saying rise and measure the temple of God and
and the altar and them that worship therein.
So here we see the sphere, the scope and the strength, the commission of these witnesses.
Now at this point right here, John is looking at the new rebuilt temple.
So it goes back to what I have believed for many years in this study.
And that is this, that either right before the rapture,
which I believe is the next event, the prophetic event on God's calendar, right before the rapture.
Or immediately after it has to be synchronized for that period of time because I believe that the new temple will be built.
John is given the instructions here in chapter 11 to measure it.
He said, and there was given to me a read like into a rod and an angel stood saying rise and measure the temple of God.
So here in Revelation chapter 11, the temple is rebuilt.
And it has to be rebuilt the first three and a half years because the Antichrist is given the Jewish people the rights and the freedoms and the liberties to reestablish the worship in the temple.
So here,
In chapter 11, John was given the instructions to give it a measurement.
He was told to measure the temple and its courts.
And so obviously, this is controversial, what I'm getting ready to say right now, especially to people all over the world.
But this is the truth.
The most sacred spot on the earth to date to the Muslims is the Temple Mount.
I have been in the Temple and today you can't do it.
I've taken some of you.
I don't know.
Some of you may have gone with me on one of our trips, and we've actually gone into the temple.
You can't do that today.
They won't let people go in.
But I have been in it.
And to the Muslim, it's the most sacred spot on the earth.
But I will tell you this, because of chapter 11, the Jews will have regained control of the Temple Mount.
Regardless of what anybody says, you read it yourself.
Now, here's the thing.
They did temporarily have control of the Temple Mount in 1967 and the Six-Day War, but they gave it right back to the Arabs, the Muslims, because of it being so controversial.
Every Muslim country affiliate in the world would have rose against Israel, and it would have been
a nuclear battle like we have never seen.
It wasn't God's time for that.
It was well methodically thought of, and the Jewish people gave back the Temple Mount after they had gained control of it in the 67 War.
But here in chapter 11, listen carefully, they have to.
For this Temple of God to be built, the Jews have to have
control of the Temple Mount.
Now, I think many scholars believe, and I go along with this part of it, believe that the mosque of Omar, the temple, it's going to be destroyed.
And the reason I believe that is because Jesus is going to rule and reign on the Temple Mount for a thousand years in the Millennium.
And I guarantee you, he's not going to set his throne up.
and a Muslim mosque.
Now, again, remember, the Jews listened carefully.
They have entered a seven-year peace treaty with the Antichrist.
It's a false treaty.
We know that.
But to them, it's going to be very real.
He's going to present himself to be the Messiah.
He's allowed the temple to be built.
He's reestablished Old Testament sacrifices.
He's allowing them to be kumbaya and everything that goes back to the days of old.
The prophet Isaiah calls this covenant, a covenant with death.
And I want to read this scripture for you.
We have to only have time to read this tonight.
In Isaiah chapter 28 and verse number 15,
Because you have said we have made a covenant with death.
And with hell, are we at agreement?
The overflowing scourge shall pass through.
It shall not come unto us.
We have made lies our refuge.
And under falsehood, have we hid ourselves?
Isaiah, he's calling this seven-year, false treaty with the Antichrist.
And no one gets me wrong here tonight.
I don't, I don't, I believe as I have said, grace is free for all.
It doesn't matter who we are, what we are.
These people waving in flags, these people saying these insane things,
These people terrorize in stores and neighborhoods and whatever they're doing.
Listen, let me tell you something.
Jesus hung naked on a cross and died for every person in his room.
And so we don't need to hate anybody, even though they say crazy things and they do things that are insane and completely against the Word of God and what we believe.
Love them and pray for them.
So Isaiah calls us a covenant with death.
I wish I could plunge into this tonight because this is one of my favorite chapters in Revelation.
But Lord willing, go pick this up next time.
This is known as the time of the Gentiles and it's going to conclude in 42 month stage that we will study here soon to come.
So anyway, a lot of stuff here tonight.
You listen to Pastor Tony Kahoot.
For more information, visit our website at butfordroadbaptistchurch.com.